---
layout: post
title:  "ScriptEd"
date:   2017-12-15
categories: jekyll update
---

On Wednesday I had my first day of volunteering with <a href="https://scripted.org/">ScriptEd</a>, an organization which pairs coders with students at underresourced schools in order to teach coding. I was simply observing the class on Wednesday, so I could get a sense of what the classroom was like. The kids are in 10th and 11th grades, and they were all very nice. This week was devoted to <a href="https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/">flexbox</a>, which to be completely honest was a topic I had to brush up on. I didn't realize how useful flexbox is, rather than using the display and position properties and futz with those for two hours fruitlessly. There was a game called <a href="https://flexboxfroggy.com/">Flexbox Froggy</a> in the prep material for the students, which is super fun (like any programming game).

I decided to volunteer with ScriptEd because I think that all students, regardless of gender, socio-economic background, religion or anything, should be able to learn to code. I do truly believe that anyone can learn to code, and as an alumna of the New York City public school system, I wish we had had more computer classes in our curriculum. I think it is an invaluable skill, even if you never use it again, it is important for kids and young people (especially girls) to at least be exposed to it, so they can then decide if it is something they want to pursue more seriously. I think a lot of the gender inequality in tech is due to education, and the inequality can be addressed in elementary, middle and high school. So, I am excited to volunteer and teach coding basics through ScriptEd next year!